rendón is my first important interview and the camera
zinedine
thompson
maybe in other mayagüez battles
has good output in the camera
he never left
I had where they were and what they did
Rafael Nadal
have much less than half the day
Canada
bayahibe to prove it rajan here we have Jorge Lorenzo nothing more
and nothing less than the 250 world champion good maybe willing to
revalidate the title
pure
after October
I think so
the party in addition to a secret weapon a very dangerous look individually
and housing
the week of the cinema
visuals show that look so terrible
José
traveled
hallucinated khedira lass I personally have another is the one that there is already scope
It is fun
see how to celebrate the victories after the winning race that is most surprising is
a whole new show
you can do a small demonstration for all the spectators
the convoy 50m
The science
and now it's going to end
I want to tell you in what way we have on top of the victory
in miranda cameras smiling
palma 20 points said vinci I will continue miter
until he spoke ortega
since then
let's take a picture for posterity
1 Bogota 11 read
it will be now